Add license (#10)
OpenTermsArchive/doc: README.md

Open Terms Archive documentation.

---

## License

> This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, PO Box 1866, Mountain View, CA 94042, USA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) International License.

This means you are free to share (copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format) and adapt (remix, transform, and build upon the material
for any purpose, even commercially) as long as you credit “Open Terms Archive contributors” as original author, provide a link to the license, and indicate which changes were made; and distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
```
